If you think you're not smart enough to go to college, then that's a full
stop. There's a college for everyone. If you want to go to college,
if you think that that's the path that you want to take, then there
are community colleges that can help you get on that path, that
can help you learn how to study how to do homework and they're not so
expensive. There are state colleges that have different programs,
certificates, degrees. So yeah there's a place for you at some college.
You might not have the grades, the SAT scores, the GPA, the study
habits to be successful at a very difficult college, but there are
colleges out there that can put you on the right path, or easy colleges
that you can kind of just breeze through if you really do need
a degree for some reason.